[FEAT] Add strict validation config key (#117)
pasqal-io/pasqal-cloud: README.md

Some emulators, such as EMU_TN and EMU_FREE, accept further configuration to control the emulation.
This is because these emulators are more advanced numerical simulation of the quantum system.

> For both emulators, you may choose to validate the sequence and jobs as though they were running
> on the FRESNEL qpu with the `strict_validation` key of the configuration. Defaults to False.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, validation rules are more permissive for jobs targeting an emulator than on the Fresnel QPU when submitting jobs to the cloud platform. 
You may however wish to validate that your job running on an emulator is compatible with Fresnel.
To that extent, set the `strict_validation` key in the configuration to `True`. Defaults to False.
```
